Add Angular, Vue and React code snippets to dxToolbar (#422)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Toolbar/15 Customize Item Appearance.md

    </dx-toolbar>

    <!--TypeScript-->
    import { DxToolbarModule, DxButtonModule } from 'devextreme-angular';
    // ...
    export class AppComponent {
        buttonOptions = {
            type: 'back',

>             text: 'Back',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            text: 'Back'
```

        // ...
    })

##### Vue

    <!--tab: App.vue-->
    <template>
        <DxToolbar>
            <DxItem
                widget="dxButton"
                location="before"
                :options="buttonOptions"
            />
            <DxItem
                text="Change"
                locate-in-menu="always"
                :visible="false"
            />
            <DxItem
                text="Remove"
                locate-in-menu="always"
                :disabled="true"
            />
            <DxItem
                text="Products"
                location="center"
            />
        </DxToolbar>
    </template>
    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DxToolbar, { DxItem } from 'devextreme-vue/toolbar';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxToolbar,
            DxItem
        },
        data() {
            return {
                buttonOptions: {
                    type: 'back',

>                     text: 'Back',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    text: 'Back'
```

                }
            }
        }
    };
    </script>

##### React

    <!--tab: App.js-->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { Toolbar, Item } from 'devextreme-react/toolbar';

    const buttonOptions = {
        type: 'back',

>         text: 'Back',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        text: 'Back'
```

    };

    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (
                <Toolbar>
                    <Item
                        widget="dxButton"
                        location="before"
                        options={buttonOptions}
                    />
                    <Item
                        text="Change"
                        locateInMenu="always"
                        visible={false}
                    />
                    <Item
                        text="Remove"
                        locateInMenu="always"
                        disabled={true}
                    />
                    <Item
                        text="Products"
                        location="center"
                    />
                </Toolbar>
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

> If you need a more flexible solution, define an [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxToolbar/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#itemTemplate') and [menuItemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxToolbar/1%20Configuration/menuItemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#menuItemTemplate') callback functions to customize items on the toolbar and commands on the overflow menu. In Angular and Vue, you can declare it in the markup. In React, you can use a rendering function (shown in the code below) or component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a more flexible solution, define an [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxToolbar/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#itemTemplate') and [menuItemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxToolbar/1%20Configuration/menuItemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#menuItemTemplate') to customize toolbar items and commands in the overflow menu, respectively. In Angular and Vue, you can declare the templates in the markup. In React, you can use rendering functions (shown in the code below) or components.
```

    })

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxToolbar
            :items="toolbarItems"
            item-template="itemTemplate"
            menu-item-template="menuItemTemplate">
            <template #itemTemplate="{ data }">
                <b style="color: green;">{{data.text}}</b>
            </template>
            <template #menuItemTemplate="{ data }">
                <b style="font-style: italic;">{{data.text}}</b>
            </template>
        </DxToolbar>
    </template>
    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DxToolbar from 'devextreme-vue/toolbar';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxToolbar
        },
        data() {
            return {
                toolbarItems: [{
                    text: 'Back',
                    location: 'before'
                }, {
                    text: 'Change',
                    locateInMenu: 'always'
                }, {
                    text: 'Remove',
                    locateInMenu: 'always'
                }, {
                    text: 'Products',
                    location: 'center'

>                 }];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                }]
```

            };
        }
    };
    </script>

##### React

    <!--tab: App.js-->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { Toolbar } from 'devextreme-react/toolbar';

    const toolbarItems = [{
        text: 'Back',
        location: 'before'
    }, {
        text: 'Change',
        locateInMenu: 'always'
    }, {
        text: 'Remove',
        locateInMenu: 'always'
    }, {
        text: 'Products',
        location: 'center'
    }];

    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (
                <Toolbar
                    items={toolbarItems}
                    itemRender={this.renderItem}
                    menuItemRender={this.renderMenuItem}
                />
            );
        }

        renderItem(data) {
            return (
                <b style={{ color: 'green' }}>{data.text}</b>
            );
        }

        renderMenuItem(data) {
            return (
                <b style={{ fontStyle: 'italic' }}>{data.text}</b>
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

> If you use jQuery, use <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/manipulation/" target="_blank">DOM manipulation methods</a> to combine the HTML markup. To apply this markup to items on the toolbar and commands on the overflow menu, use the [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/CollectionWidget/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#itemTemplate') and [menuItemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxToolbar/1%20Configuration/menuItemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#menuItemTemplate') callback functions, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use jQuery, use <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/manipulation/" target="_blank">DOM manipulation methods</a> to combine the HTML markup. To apply this markup to toolbar items and commands in the overflow menu, use the [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/CollectionWidget/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#itemTemplate') and [menuItemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxToolbar/1%20Configuration/menuItemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/#menuItemTemplate') callback functions, respectively.
```

---

##### jQuery

    <!--JavaScript-->
    $(function() {
        $("#toolbarContainer").dxToolbar({
            items: toolbarItems,
            itemTemplate: function(itemData, itemIndex, itemElement) {
                itemElement.append("<b style='color: green;'>" + itemData.text + "</b>");
            },
            menuItemTemplate: function(itemData, itemIndex, itemElement) {
                itemElement.append("<b style='font-style: italic;'>" + itemData.text + "</b>");
            }
        });
    });

    <!--HTML-->
    <div id="tabPanelContainer"></div>

---

> You can also customize an individual toolbar item or menu command. For this purpose, declare a template for this item or command as a script and pass its `id` to the [template](/api-reference/_hidden/CollectionWidgetItem/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#template') or [menu item template](/api-reference/_hidden/dxToolbarItem/menuItemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#menuItemTemplate') option, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize an individual toolbar item or menu command. For this purpose, declare a template for this item or command as a script and pass its `id` to the [template](/api-reference/_hidden/CollectionWidgetItem/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#template') or [menuItemTemplate](/api-reference/_hidden/dxToolbarItem/menuItemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#menuItemTemplate') option, respectively.
```
